about this one what you know about at
age 14 antwuan Dixon no tattoos who else
we got
how about an age 12 David Gonzaga pne's
Alice Toni tave more Antwon so this is
it
this is the television where Sean and Mo
are discovered this is their stuff is
like the early VHS tapes this is maltose
13 years old when filmed 14 now I don't
know why I wasn't thrown off right off
the bat that white hat looked insane I
wasn't really filming for a sponsor me
video at all I just was skating you know
just love skating I was a 13 year old
kid and you know it's just still like
skating was still new to me and yeah
we're just having fun
I didn't even send it in actually the
guys that Escapist sent it in I was on
flow for a good two and a half years
that's a long time I was I was tripping
on it I think he went to a Tampa and
when he I was still flowing him and I
think like Toy Machine hit him up and
maybe he flipped to and and he shut him
down so I was like okay he's he's solid
I sent in eight sponsor tapes thinking
is this gonna happen you know and then
you have Mike Mo who was on flow for six
months was on probably second sponsor
tape and we go on the first trip
together and it's like damn like is it
that easy for other people so this is
this is look we got two tapes three DVDs
this is over like a year-and-a-half flow
period I mean that's how you get on the
team
kid had motivation he had Drive he
really wanted on so he made his dream a
reality this is Mike Moe's Mike Molly
did two tape yeah Sam called me he was
like hey you know we want to start
giving you boards I had Eric Koston
posters hanging up on my wall so I was
like no way I was super psyched and then
I remember telling my mom about it my
aunt she was in town at the time and
they went and they looked on the site
and it was right when yeah right was
going on and I think one of the trailers
was costume yelling in that homeless
dude space I broke into the car and
they're like these are the guys that are
giving you boards I was like yeah after
we had kind of just um known each other
through video there was this opportunity
to actually get Sean and Mo on a trip
with some of the other team and that was
to Toronto Canada they're going on a
trip to Canada and they were like hey
like do you want to go of course
I want to go like yeah
go hang out with the girl Team Canada I
was psyched on that and so that was kind
of the first trip that me and Mike Mo
went on together
mo and Sean were in the same boat being
that they didn't really know any of the
guys too much you know I was pretty much
the only one they really knew they told
me later that they they really tripped
out when they saw at baggage claim cost
and grabbing golf clubs yeah
there was probably like a period when
you know I was telling them like look to
adhere 100% we were just like waiting
for the opportunity to get him on the
road with the boys I don't think he was
totally wondering where where he was
going until that Canada trip but that
was what for sure solidified it after
the yes we Canada trip that free DVD
came out and then they had like a little
part of me and Mike mo and that was kind
of our like introduction to the team you
know and that came out that was kind of
like you're on and it was like psyched I
get I get to hang out these guys for you
know for a long time I get to travel
with them every year I was the dream
come true I'm super proud of these guys
you know I can't take all the credit you
know those those are the dudes that are
there doing it themselves and they've
like come a super super long way and you
know I didn't have too much to do with
that besides uh noticing them but the
fact that it was me that noticed them
makes me super proud filming for pretty
sweet now it's it's just a different
caliber I guess that when you're in a
video with like guy Mariano and Mark
Johnson Cory Kennedy and stuff it's just
yeah it's crazy you have a lot of
pressure to kind of come through and
have a good video part which it's so fun
you know you go out you can mess around
and stuff but there's a time where you
kind of got to get serious and like
alright you know I have to sit here and
try this trick for three hours and
hopefully landed
what was your question sir I'd sown
doubt
you